docs: Clarify template variable rendering in URLs (#31306)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/widgets/note.md

In this example, `$env.value` updates the value of a link to the selected environment.

> **Note**: Template variables in URLs are only populated in the URL pathname (not the hostname). For example, `https://$env.value.foo.com/$env.value` renders as `https://$env.value.foo.com/admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Template variables in URLs are only populated in the URL pathname (not the hostname). For example, `https://$env.value.example.com/$env.value` renders as `https://$env.value.example.com/admin`.
```

> Note that template variables in URLs are only populated in the URL pathname, not the hostname. For example, `https://$env.value.foo.com/$env.value` will render as `https://$env.value.foo.com/admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Template variables in URLs are only populated in the URL pathname (not the hostname). For example, `https://$env.value.foo.com/$env.value` renders as `https://$env.value.foo.com/admin`.
```
